"We've developed a series of innovative tools to help cover the lower regions of web pages from unwanted Justin Bieber content. Shave away those Bieber mentions on web sites with our bookmarklet, Firefox Add-on, or JavaScript files."

This is just Greg Leuch's javascript files packaged into a Chrome Extension.

Repackaged by:

Zen Lin
http://www.google.com/profiles/infragoblin


Creating the extension:

3 files needed:

http://github.com/infragoblin/Shaved-Bieber-Google-Chrome-Extension/blob/master/manifest.json
http://github.com/gleuch/shaved-bieber/blob/master/jquery-latest.js
http://github.com/gleuch/shaved-bieber/blob/master/shaved-bieber.js

Put these 3 files in the same folder. 


To run:

Bring up the extensions management page by clicking the Tools menu   (or the Window menu on Mac) and choosing Extensions.
If Developer mode has a + by it, click the + to add developer information to the page. The + changes to a -, and more buttons and information appear.
Click the Load unpacked extension button. A file dialog appears.
In the file dialog, navigate to your extension's folder and click OK.


To package an extension:

Bring up the Extensions management page by going to this URL:
chrome://extensions
Click the Pack extension button. A dialog appears.
In the Extension root directory field, specify the path to the extension's folder — for example, c:\myext. (Ignore the other field; you don't specify a private key file the first time you package a particular extension.)
Click OK. The packager creates two files: a .crx file, which is the actual extension that can be installed, and a .pem file, which contains the private key.


Credits:

Greg Leuch (@gleuch | http://www.gleuch.com)

Original Shaved Bieber - http://fffff.at/shaved-bieber

This extension is the Google Chrome version of the Shaved Bieber Firefox Add-on.
(http://assets.gleuch.com/projects/shaved-bieber/master.xpi?v=1)